doc(github-runner): provide more context and improve wording (#88)
numtide/srvos: docs/nixos/roles/github_actions_runner.md

# Installing a GitHub Action Runner

> GitHub Action Runners are the machines that execute the automated jobs you specify in your GitHub Actions workflows. These runners can be hosted on GitHub-hosted infrastructure or on your own infrastructure. Self hosted runners  run for your project only, and they are available at no additional cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Action Runners are processes that execute the automated jobs you specify in your GitHub Actions workflows. These runners can be hosted on GitHub-hosted infrastructure or your infrastructure. Self-hosted runners run for your project only and are available at no additional cost.
```
